# seel-fenton_20863245_assignment-two

# --USER EXAMPLE LOGIN-- #
email: fseel@uclan.ac.uk
password: pass
# ---------------------- #

This assignment aims to use the programming languages css, php and JavaScript to create a functioning website that is responsive to the users screen. A website that is responsive is one that can adapt to the size of the screen and will not look out of place on any device, ranging from a smartphone to a desktop pc. This makes it overall a user friendly interface across all devices. This website consists of five accessible pages index.php, products.php, cart.php, item.php and register.php. There is also page404.php, which is loaded when one of the previous pages cannot be found.

Across all pages the user has access to a header and a footer. The header has navigation buttons available so then the user can move across the site with ease. A main responsive feature of the website is the hamburger menu (https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_menu_icon.asp) that is shown to the user on smaller screens to allow the user to access the same navigation buttons without them disrupting the header due to the size of the smaller screen. The header also has an image of the univeristy's logo and the title of the website. The footer is also consistent throughout the website, containing information on the location, contact details and link to the website of the Student's Union.

Upon loading up this website the user is met with the home page (index.php), where they are presented with some basic information on the UCLan Student's Union and two videos to provide further insight into this. The two videos used are in different formats, the first is an embedded video from YouTube and the second is an mp4 imported into the website. In order to be responsive the sizes of the videos and text are changed according to the screen size.
At the top of the page, there is also offers that are pulled from the database 'assignment_database'.

When selecting the navigation button 'Products' users are taken to the products page (products.php). This page contains all the products available to purchase from the Student's Union clothes store. Each product has an image, title, description, price, 'Read More' button and 'Buy' button. The user has the option to select the 'Read More' button for each product which opens the page item.php. When the user selects the 'Buy' button they are show a message explaining the product selected has been added to their cart and the product is added to the cart ready for checkout.

Once the user has navigated to the 'Cart' page they are either shown the items they have selected to buy, or it will be empty if they havent selected to buy any items. The items are given a unique id, the user is also shown the product image, name and price. Within the cart the user is also able to remove each item from their shopping cart with a 'Remove' button. In order the 'Checkout' the user must login with a previously registered account, using their email and password. Once they have successfully logged in, they are greated with 'Welcome (username)' and the 'Checkout' button is made available. Once the user is logged in, the navigation button 'Register' is changed to 'Logout' to allow the user to logout when they want to.

If the user chooses to select the 'Read More' button on the products page the product information page (item.php) is loaded. On this page the user is shown a larger image of the product they have selected, the description of the product, the price and 'Buy' button. This page is unique to each product, allowing the user recieve more information on each product.

When the user wishes to create an account, they navigate to register.php using the 'Register' button. On this page they are given the following criteria to fill out: Full Name, Password, Confirm Password, Email and Address. When the user enters a password, they must meet certain criteria to ensure it is a 'strong' password and once they have done this they then confirm the password to ensure they haven't misstyped.